yeah
so we live on an acre and a half
of land and we have plenty of
space to garden so we can get
all sorts of different things
but even if we had just a teeny
tiny yard
we could also grow a garden and
i'm going to show you one way to
grow a garden in a really small
area so we harvested these metal
barrels from a business that was
going to throw them away so you
can collect some metal barrels
and just kind of put them in a
row
fill them with some really good
quality soil and grow some
plants that grow vertically
that way you're taking up more
vertical space and less
horizontal space
so some good things that grow
vertically our piece which is
what we have right here and
tomatoes cucumbers will grow
very tall
if you give them a nice trellis
so the peas are kind of like a
spring crop and then as soon as
the peas are done
routing and we can be harvested
all the piece we can grow
something else in here like a
tomato and you can grow a tomato
vertically as well and just take
it and put it in one of these
cages
I think most people would be
surprised how much you can grow
in just a teeny tiny little area
so one next time you see some
barrels or some old scraps of
wood on the side of the road
just make yourself a little
frame fill it with some nice
good quality soil and
you can tomatoes or zucchinis or
cucumbers or kale or whatever
you like and give it a try the
best way to learn how to garden
start gardening and then you'll
really learn
no from your hands on experience
and then you know everybody has
as much vertical space statement
so here's one way to grow food
and you have a tiny yard and not
a lot of space